>> Narrator: COMING UP...
WHAT'S GOT SAL LIVING ON THE
LEDGE?
>> OH, MY GOD. HE'S GONNA DIE.
>> Narrator: WHY IS "MURR"
TAKING COVER?
>> JUST TRY TO...
>> Narrator: AND WHICH JOKER
WILL BE UP AGAINST THE ROPES IN
TONIGHT'S PUNISHMENT?
>> PREPARE FOR SOMETHING
AMAZING.
>> HEY, MUSTACHE, WHAT'S UP?
>> I WANT MY MOMMY!
>> I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU!
>> LARRY!
>> TODAY WE'RE AT
EFINGER SPORTING GOODS COMPANY,
WORKING THE SALES FLOOR.
>> WHILE HELPING CUSTOMERS,
WE'LL HAVE TO DO AND SAY WHAT
THE OTHER GUYS TELL US.
>> IF YOU REFUSE TO DO OR SAY
ANYTHING, YOU LOSE.
>> WHAT IS THAT?
>>
>> THAT'S JUST ME -- MURR.
HI, GUYS, WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING
FOR?
>> "I FEEL LIKE A PROSTITUTE."
>>
>> HE LIKES GOALIE?
THAT'S GREAT.
I FEEL LIKE A PROSTITUTE.
>> WE HAD A LEGIT DOUBLE TAKE!
>> DOES THAT MEAN HE'S IN THE
MOOD FOR A PROSTITUTE, OR HE
FEELS LIKE HE IS A PROSTITUTE?
>> OH, THAT'S TRUE.
>> THE WOMAN OVER THERE...
JUST TAKE THE BALL FROM HER.
STEAL IT.
JUST STEAL IT FROM HER.
>> OH.
>> GO GIVE HER ANOTHER DIFFERENT
BALL.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> THAT'S A 14-POUND MEDICINE
BALL.
>> NICE SHOE.
HERE YOU GO.
>> OHH!
>> HI, GUYS.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
>> A TENNIS OUTFIT.
>> YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A TENNIS
OUTFIT?
>> GET CONFUSED WITH A SLEEPING
BAD AND A TENNIS OUTFIT.
>> WE'RE OVER HERE. OKAY.
PRETTY SURE...
LET'S SEE IF THIS WORKS.
HERE, PUT YOUR ARMS UP.
THIS IS THE TENNIS OUTFIT,
RIGHT?
WHERE -- LET ME SEE IF IT FITS.
>>
>> OKAY, THAT SEEMS LIKE IT'S
THE RIGHT SIZE.
NOW SWING THE RACKET.
LET ME SEE IF THAT...
NO, I THINK THIS IS -- NO,
YOU'RE A MEDIUM FOR SURE.
>>
>> NOW CRAWL INTO THE SLEEPING
BAG.
AND KNOCK EVERYTHING OVER.
>> THIS IS MORE...
>> "AT THIS POINT, I'M STUCK."
>> AT THIS POINT, I'M STUCK.
CAN YOU
JUST TRY TO...
>>
>> JUST PULL. PULL HARDER.
YEAH, KEEP...
>>
>> "LITTLE GIRL, COULD YOU
HELP?"
>> LITTLE GIRL, COULD YOU HELP,
TOO, PLEASE?
JUST GRIP MY LEGS.
PULL BY THE LEGS.
ALMOST! OH, PROGRESS!
>> AH! THANK...
>> NOW JUST RUN AWAY AS FAST AS
YOU CAN.
>> OH, OH, GRAB THESE KIDS IN
THE HOOD.
>> HEY.
>> "YOU EVER FRENCH-KISS A
BASEBALL GLOVE, GUYS?"
>>
YOU EVER FRENCH-KISS A BASEBALL
GLOVE?
>> "IT'S ALMOST LIKE THE REAL
DEAL."
>> IT'S ALMOST LIKE THE REAL
DEAL.
>> DO YOU GUYS WANT TO SEE A
DEAD BODY?
>> GUYS WANT TO SEE A DEAD BODY?
>>
>> "YOU EVER FRENCH"
>> NO, HE CAN'T DO IT!
>> SAL, GRAB THOSE BINOCULARS.
>>
>> THERE YOU GO, SAL.
LOOK TO YOUR LEFT, LEFT, LEFT,
LEFT.
>> OBSERVE IN THE WILD.
>> SO WEIRD!
>> LOOK AT THIS GUY.
>> BLEND IN.
>> YOU'RE NOT SURE WHAT CREATURE
HE MIGHT BE, SO YOU NEED TO LURE
HIM.
>> YEAH, TRY A DUCK CALL.
>> QUACK!
>> OBSERVE IN NATURE.
>>
>> DUDE, DO IT AGAIN, SAL.
DO IT AGAIN.
>> RIBBET!
RIBBET!
>> HE LOOKS LIKE HE'S --
>> HE LOOKS LIKE A CREEPY
REFEREE.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT THE PROBLEM IS?
I THINK, SAL, THAT SHIRT ISN'T
GOOD CAMOUFLAGE.
RIGHT BEHIND YOU, HANGING,
THERE'S A FULL CAMOUFLAGE
OUTFIT.
PUT IT ON.
>>  HIPPO!
>> "CAN YOU SEE ME RIGHT NOW?"
>> CAN YOU SEE ME RIGHT NOW?
>> UH...YEAH.
>> HOO-HOO!
>> YOU GUYS NEED HELP WITH
ANYTHING?
OKAY.
>> START USING ALL NEW LINGO, Q,
ALL RIGHT?
>> SO, YOU GUYS WANT YOUR, UH,
DANCING CLOTHES TO BE ON FLEEK?
>> YEAH.
>> YEP. GOT IT. GOT IT.
>>
>> TWERK.
>> "I JUST STARTED DATING
THIS -- THIS LADY.
SHE'S GOT A KID."
>> I JUST STARTED DATING THIS
LADY.
>> MM-HMM.
>> SHE'S GOT, LIKE, A KID.
>> "I'M JUST TRYING TO CONNECT
WITH IT."
>> I'M JUST TRYING TO CONNECT
WITH IT.
I TOOK IT -- LIKE, I TOOK IT TO
THE MOVIE.
I GOT IT -- I GOT IT, UH, LIKE,
THOSE CHOCOLATE-COVERED RAISINS.
>> "IT LOVED THOSE."
>> IT LOVED THOSE.
>> IT?
>> YEAH.
IF I'M GONNA GET IN WITH BAE, I
GOT TO PRETEND TO LIKE THIS
THING.
>> SO, CAN I GIVE YOU A TIP
FIRST?
>> YEAH.
>> MAYBE YOU SHOULD STOP CALLING
THE DAUGHTER "IT."
>> I'M NOT EXACTLY SURE THAT
IT'S A DAUGHTER.
>> DOES IT HAVE LONG HAIR?
>> RIGHT, WELL, DON'T CALL IT
"IT."
THAT'S RUDE.
WHAT, UH -- WHAT SORT OF
ACTIVITY ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
>> Q, SEE THE MANNEQUIN OVER
THERE?
IT'S LOOKING GOOD.
>>
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT, UH --
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT DRESS?
>>
>> ON THE MANNEQUIN, TO ME, IT
LOOKS HOT.
>>
>> YOU SEE? AND, LIKE, LOOK.
HERE'S THE THING, THOUGH, ABOUT
IT.
>> "MANNEQUIN LOOKS EVEN BETTER
WITH THE DRESS OFF."
>> OH, MY GOD.
HERE'S -- HERE'S THE THING ABOUT
THE MANNEQUIN, THOUGH.
IF YOU TAKE THE DRESS OFF IT,
ALL RIGHT?
SO -- SO, NOW YOU GOT THAT, BUT
NOW YOU DON'T EVEN NEED THE
DRESS.
NOW JUST LOOK AT THAT MANNEQUIN.
THAT'S GOT STUMPS IN ALL THE
RIGHT PLACES, YOU KNOW WHAT I
MEAN?
>>
>> OH, I'VE TAKEN IT HOME, AND
THEY KEEP MAKING ME RETURN IT.
I DRILLED THIS HOLE IN IT.
>> YOU TAKE THIS HOME?!
>> I DRILLED THAT HOLE IN IT,
AND I DRILLED THAT HOLE IN IT.
>> "I DON'T HAVE A DRILL."
>> I DIDN'T EVEN USE A DRILL.
COOL. HAVE A GOOD DAY.
HAVE A GOOD DAY.
>> YOU, TOO.
>> THANK YOU.
>> PICK IT UP AND WALK AWAY.
JOE, PICK UP THAT MANNEQUIN
HEAD.
POP IT IN YOUR SHIRT SO YOU LOOK
LIKE A MANNEQUIN.
>> WEAR IT LIKE A MASK.
>> NOW ZIP UP YOUR HOODIE, BUD.
NOW ZIP UP YOUR HOODIE, BUD.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
>> OH, MY GOD!
>> YEAH!
>> JOE, DO YOU THINK THAT IF YOU
COULD STAND REALLY STILL AND
PEOPLE WOULD THINK YOU'RE A
MANNEQUIN?
>>
>> OH, MY GOD.
WOW. THIS IS WEIRD.
OH! THERE'S A KID WALKING UP TO
YOU.
STAY STILL. STAY STILL.
THE KID JUST LOOKED BACK.
>> JOE, MAKE A NOISE.
MAKE A NOISE.
>> RAH!
RAH!
>> YOU JUST SCARED THE
OUT OF THEM.
>> "OH, DISGUSTING."
>>
THOSE ARE DISGUSTING.
>> "YOU WANT TO PUT THESE ON
YOUR FEET?!"
>> DO YOU WANT TO PUT THESE ON
YOUR FEET?
DISGUSTING.
'CAUSE THIS IS -- THIS MUST BE
THE GLUE, RIGHT?
DISGUSTING.
>> JOE, JUST START DANCING LIKE
YOU'RE AT A WEDDING.
>> BECAUSE THE ONES OVER HERE --
THEY HAVE A LITTLE BIT, BUT THE
GLUE IS ON THESE.
THESE AREN'T THAT BAD.
I MEAN, YOU COULD, YOU KNOW --
ALL OF THEM --
>> WAIT.
WHAT SIZE ARE THOSE?
>> THESE HERE?
THOSE ARE...
>> KEEP DOING IT, JOE.
JUST KEEP DOING IT.
>> THESE ARE THE 9.
THESE ARE THE 8's.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT SIZE SHOE YOU
ARE.
BUT IF THEY FIT, THEN THEY'RE ON
SALE.
THEY'RE A GOOD --
>> JOE, GET A NAME.
JOE, GET HER NAME.
>> WHAT WAS YOUR NAME?
I'M SORRY, HON.
ANGELICA. I'M JOE.
NICE TO SEE YOU.
>> JOE, GO RIGHT BACK WHERE YOU
WERE BEHIND THAT -- BEHIND THAT
RIGHT THERE.
PEEK OUT AND JUST GO,
"ANGELICA."
>> Angelica.
>>  DO IT AGAIN.
ANGELICA.
DISGUSTING.
>> Narrator: MURR DIDN'T HAVE
THE GOODS, SO HE'S FIRST UP ON
THE LOSER BOARD.
>> TODAY, WE'RE ON THE STREETS,
COMPETING HEAD-TO-HEAD, PLAYING
A LITTLE GAME THAT WE LIKE TO
CALL "DO IT BETTER."
>> NOW, TWO OF US WILL BE GIVEN
A TASK, AND THE GOAL WILL BE TO
DO THAT TASK BETTER THAN THE
OTHER GUY.
>> WHOEVER DOES IT BETTER WINS.
>> SIDE NOTE -- MURR'S NEPHEWS
ARE ON SET TODAY.
>> All: BE A BETTER UNCLE!
>> FERRET!
>> THE "FERRET" WAS A NICE
TOUCH.
>> THE NAME OF THE GAME IS
"DO IT BETTER."
>> "DO IT BETTER."
>> YOU GOT TO DO IT BETTER.
>> KEEPS GOING TILL SOMEBODY
DOESN'T DO IT BETTER.
>> AND WE ARE THE JUDGE.
>> I LOVE BEING THE JUDGE.
>> ME, TOO.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> ALL RIGHT, GUYS.
STEAL SOMEBODY'S NOSE.
>> OH, LIKE THE OLD, UH...
>> "OOP! GOT YOUR NOSE."
>> FIRST YOU GOT TO FIGURE OUT
HOW YOU CAN BE BETTER AT IT.
AND THEN YOU HAVE TO ACTUALLY DO
IT, SO HAVE FUN.
>> MY PARENTS DIDN'T WANT TO
PLAY THIS WITH ME WHEN I WAS
YOUNGER 'CAUSE THEY DIDN'T WANT
TO THROW THEIR BACK OUT.
>> EXCUSE ME.
I HAVE A QUESTION FOR YOU.
>> SURE.
>> DID YOU EVER GET YOUR NOSE
STOLEN BEFORE?
>> NO.
>> OKAY, I WANT TO LET YOU KNOW
SOMETHING.
I GOT YOUR NOSE!
SHE JUST WENT ON HER WAY.
SHE LOOKS LIKE SKELETOR NOW.
ALL RIGHT, BUDDY.
YOU GOT TO BEAT THAT.
>> I GOT IT. I GOT IT. I GOT IT.
>> DO IT BETTER.
>> UH
YEAH?
YEAH? GOT IT. OKAY.
I'LL GET HIM, TONY.
HEY, GUYS.
UH, I'M -- I'M WITH THE -- THE
CAR OVER HERE.
>> WHAT ARE -- WHAT ARE YOU,
MICHAEL KNIGHT?
>> WE WERE RECEIVING REPORTS OF
TWO NOSES THAT ARE OUT OF
CONTROL IN THE PARK, SO I'M
GONNA HAVE TO TAKE POSSESSION OF
THESE TWO NOSES REAL QUICK.
BOOP! I GOT 'EM. OKAY.
WE'RE GONNA HOLD ONTO THESE
UNTIL YOU GUYS FEEL YOU CAN USE
THEM RESPONSIBLY.
THANK YOU.
>> OH! DOUBLE NOSE!
>> A DOUBLE NOSE!
>> DID THAT TOP ME?
>> THAT TOPPED YOU, BUDDY.
DEFINITELY.
>> TWO
>> TWO NOSES.
>> YEAH, BUT -- BUT I DON'T WANT
YOU GUYS TO GET CONFUSED.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT THE MOST NOSES.
>> NO, NO, NO.
BE BETTER.
>> JUST BE BETTER AT IT.
>> IT'S A BETTER WAY OF GETTING
A NOSE.
>> SO, I'M GONNA DO SOMETHING I
NORMALLY WOULD NOT DO.
>> EAT A SALAD?
COME ON.
YOU TOSSED THAT UP.
I'M GONNA COME IN WITH THE
SPIKE.
>> OH!
I GOT YOUR NOSE, YOU LITTLE
BASTARD!
YOU CAN'T EVEN GET IT BACK
'CAUSE YOU'RE A KID AND I'M AN
ADULT!
YES!
>> CONGRATULATIONS ON BERATING
AND HARASSING A CHILD, SAL.
>> I WOULD CONSIDER THAT BETTER.
>> OH, YEAH.
I'M ALWAYS FOR BERATING
CHILDREN.
>> I'M ABOUT TO BLOW YOUR MINDS.
>> DO IT BETTER, BUDDY, BUT YOU
GOT TO DO IT BETTER.
>> AH! OH  OH
HELP ME, MAN.
GIVE ME A HAND REAL QUICK.
THANK YOU, BUD.
WHOOP, WHOOP! GOT YOUR NOSE.
I'M GONNA KEEP THIS RIGHT HERE.
>> YOU GET POINTS FOR FLAIR,
MURRAY.
>> ALL RIGHT, I GOT ONE FOR YOU.
>> WOULD YOU SAY YOU HAVE A
FOOLPROOF PLAN?
>> NO, I WOULDN'T SAY THAT.
BUT I'LL TELL YOU ONE THING --
I'M GONNA GRAB A NOSE THAT
MATTERS.
>> OOH.
>> WHOA! HE'S NIMBLE.
>> THIS IS WAY SCARIER THAN I
REALIZED.
>> OH, MY GOD. HE'S GONNA DIE.
>>
OH, MY GOD. IT'S SCARY.
BOOM! I GOT YOUR NOSE, BITCH!
>> OHHH!
>> WHAT YOU GONNA DO?
I GOT A HISTORICAL NOSE!
>> MURR, THE DEFINITION OF THAT
IS BETTER.
>> BAM!
>> Q VERSUS JOE.
WHICH ONE OF YOU CAN BE MORE
AFFECTIONATE TO SOMEONE'S PET?
>> I'M NOT A PET.
I'M NOT A PET.
>> AWW, LOOK AT THAT, MAN.
HEY, YOU. HOW YOU DOING?
LOOK AT THIS ONE.
YOU'RE SUPER CUTE.
OH, MY GOD. HOW CUTE ARE YOU?
WHAT'S HIS NAME?
DUTCH? DUTCH. HEY, DUTCH.
OHH.
>> OH, Q's GOT IT.
OH, Q's GIVING HIM LITTLE
KISSES.
>> Q's MORE AFFECTIONATE.
>> WOW.
>> JOE, YOUR TURN.
>> HEY, DUTCH. HI, BUD.
ARE YOU A CUDDLER?
>> YEAH, BIG CUDDLER.
>> CUDDLY.
OH, I LOVE IT.
I LOVE IT SO MUCH.
AWW.
>> Q's TURN.
>> THIS IS COMING CLOSE TO A
LINE I'M NOT SURE WE WANT TO
CROSS.
>> I LOVE YOU. MWAH.
>> JOE, AT THIS POINT, YOU DON'T
HAVE MANY OPTIONS.
>> AT THIS POINT, I'D HAVE TO
STRAIGHT IT.
>> DUTCH.
>> HERE WE GO.
WHAT IS HE GONNA DO?
OH, MY GOD.
>> HE HUMPED THE DOG.
>> YOU LIKE THAT, DUTCH?
>> JOE TAKES THAT ONE ON A
STRAIGHT HUMP.
>> I DON'T FEEL LIKE A WINNER,
IF I'M GONNA BE HONEST.
>> Narrator: THINGS AREN'T
GETTING ANY BETTER FOR MURR.
HE'S TONIGHT'S BIG LOSER.
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, IT'S
TIME FOR MURR'S PUNISHMENT!
>> IT'S FIGHT NIGHT AT THE
PRUDENTIAL CENTER.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
WE CAN'T PUT YOU IN THE RING AND
HAVE YOU KILLED BY PROFESSIONAL
BOXERS, BUT WE ARE GONNA PUT YOU
IN THE RING IN A RIDICULOUS
OUTFIT IN BETWEEN THE ROUNDS.
>> YOU MEAN LIKE A RING-CARD
GIRL?
>> LIKE A RING-CARD GIRL.
I SHOULD MENTION, WE FOUND THE
OUTFIT IN YOUR CLOSET.
>> THIS IS -- THIS IS NEW FOR US
BECAUSE THIS IS A SERIOUS BOXING
EVENT.
>> THIS IS A TELEVISED EVENT.
>> THESE ARE REAL BOXING FANS
WHO LOVE BOXING WHO HAVE NO TIME
FOR NONSENSE.
AND WHOSE MIDDLE NAME IS
NONSENSE?
>> JAMES NONSENSE MURRAY.
ALL RIGHT, SEXY, COME ON OUT.
>> THIS -- THIS IS NOT WHAT RING
GIRLS WEAR, JUST SO YOU KNOW.
>> HERE IT GOES.
>> MURR, YOU LOOK LIKE A -- LIKE
A HOMOSEXUAL OSTRICH THAT'S BEEN
SET LOOSE.
>> THERE'S LIKE -- THERE'S
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE HERE.
>> THERE'S LESS THAN A MINUTE.
LESS THAN A MINUTE.
I'M ABOUT TO GO IN.
>> AND ROUND 1 IN THE BOOKS.
>> OH
>> OH, HERE WE GO. HERE WE GO.
>> GET IN THERE, FEATHERS McGEE.
NICE BOOTS.
>> LOOK AT HIS BOOTS.
>> SHAKE YOUR TAIL FEATHER.
SHAKE YOUR TAIL FEATHER.
>> LET'S GO, LET'S GO.
MAKE IT SEXY.
>> YEAH!
>> THIS IS A  DISTURBING
THING.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> THAT'S IT
IS IT OVER?
OH  THEY'VE RESTARTED.
>> COME ON, YOU GOT ANOTHER
COSTUME TO PUT ON.
LET'S GO!
>> THERE'S FOUR FIGHTS, BUDDY.
WE'RE SENDING YOU INTO EVERY
ONE.
>> AW
>> SPRINT TO THE BACK.
LOOK AT HIM RUNNING.
>> NEXT COSTUME WE'RE GOING
WITH...
THE BRA'S ALL --
>> THERE'S THE BELL.
GET IN THERE, BUD.
BEFORE WE EVEN HEAR FROM
EVERYBODY AT HOME, WE KNOW IT'S
NOT THE RIGHT HAIR.
WE JUST THOUGHT THIS WAS THE
FUNNIER HAIR.
>> WE DON'T NEED TO HEAR IT,
NERDS.
>> THEY'RE BOOING ME. DON'T BOO!
>> LISTEN TO THEM.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> THIS IS THE STUPIDEST THING
I'VE EVER DONE IN MY LIFE.
>> YOU KNOW HOW MUCH HE HATES
HIS HAIR LIKE THAT, RIGHT?
>> YEAH, YEAH.
>> DO YOU THINK HE WOULD TAKE
THAT HAIR PERMANENTLY FOR THE
REST OF HIS LIFE IF IT WAS HIS
REAL HAIR?
>> SO HE COULDN'T CUT IT AND
STYLE IT?
>> NO, BUT HE WOULD HAVE A FULL
HEAD OF HAIR.
DO YOU THINK HE WOULD TAKE IT?
>> I THINK HE WOULD.
>> I THINK HE SHOULD.
>>
IS THAT IT?
PLEASE, THAT'S IT, RIGHT?
>> COME BACK.
WE'LL GET YOU DRESSED FOR THE
NEXT FIGHT.
>> COME ON!
>> NOW, THIS NEXT ONE IS WE
WATCHED "DIE HARD 3" A LOT.
>> YEAH.
>> THAT'S BASICALLY WHAT
HAPPENED.
>> HOLY
>> YEAH.
>> IT'S A SIMPLE SIGN.
>> TIME!
>> OH, MY GOD.
>>
>> READ YOUR SIGN.
>> I HATE BOXING!
ROUND 3.
>> YOU MAKE THESE PEOPLE BELIEVE
THAT YOU HATE BOXING.
>> YEAH! YEAH!
>> GET UP -- YEAH, GET UP ON THE
ROPES.
>> YEAH! I HATE BOXING!
I HATE
I HATE IT! ALL RIGHT.
>> GET YOUR  AND GET OUT.
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> COME ON, WE GOT SOMETHING
ELSE FOR YOU.
SCURRY OUT, YOU LITTLE FERRET.
>> CAN YOU GUYS TAKE A MINUTE TO
APPRECIATE THAT WE HAVE THE BEST
JOB IN THE WORLD?
>> I DO APPRECIATE THAT.
>> LOOK AT WHAT WE'RE DOING TO
THIS IDIOT.
>> WE'RE JUST THREE BEST FRIENDS
SINCE HIGH SCHOOL.
>> ALL RIGHT, HERE'S THE FINAL
FIGHT.
GET OUT THERE, MURR.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> THIS IS OUR MOST CREATIVE
OUTFIT, I THINK, FELLAS.
THE MAJESTIC CENTAUR.
>> KILL THE CENTAUR!
>> THEY SAY THEY'RE GONNA KILL
THE CENTAUR.
>> YES, KILL THE CENTAUR! YES!
>> THAT'S A SENTENCE THAT THAT
MAN DID NOT THINK HE WAS GONNA
WHEN HE LEFT THE HOUSE.
>> TIME!
>> THERE YOU GO, BUD.
>> OH  ME.
>> PRANCE AROUND AND GO, "I'M A
CENTAUR!"
>> I'M A CENTAUR! I'M A CENTAUR!
>> LOOK AT HIM. HE'S GALLOPING.
GALLOP, YOU
GALLOP! GALLOP, YOU
GET YOUR GALLOP ON!
SAL'S KNOCKED OUT.
>> MURR FROM
"IMPRACTICAL JOKERS" ON truTV.
>> THAT BROADCASTED LIVE.
>> THAT WENT OUT LIVE, YOU
IDIOT.
THAT WENT OUT LIVE!
>> NEVER MIND THE THOUSANDS OF
PEOPLE IN HERE, THE WHOLE WORLD
JUST SAW IT.
WELL DONE. WELL DONE.
>> WOW. GALLOP OUT.
>> ALL RIGHT, WELL, PUNISHMENT'S
OVER.
I WOULD SAY IT WAS A KNOCKOUT.